Are you sure you know this situation?
arrive at the bus stop for the bus
only to ask the driver if he
happens in the location you are looking for
the bus reef this is not over
necessary to make your direct inquiries
on your smartphone
another very common situation is that you
stop and ask yourself which buses
come here so he identified with
this situation with the objective you can
use all your lists stop in
second
now see this situation, you Sunday
getting ready to leave and all you need to do is pick up
the bus for him what you did not know is
that exactly your line will not be near
Sunday
so what to do s curves
You now know the timetables for
circulation on your favorite lines
if someone unknown grows up
even your own friends in controlling
Mohican
Do you know the name of this avenue street?
and it will not make ugly with the
you see from all
data from your locality
current
imagine now you have a whole bus
with address in hand but do not know where
nor when coming down to the collector does not always
help and ask away without
shame when I see this fact in fact the
distance of the stops of its trajectory
displaying even reference point
cool, you're solving things outside
in a local neighborhood when you do not know
you are good
Where do I get the bus to go back?
I stayed here for peace of mind
the goal is also required the eyes
to this destination of several lines kham
by bus
You're having trouble, do not you know how much?
it costs the line you pass
catch like jesse fi you not only
can view prices but also
with the name and number of the big things
What are you waiting for the story?
this operation is free
visit our website www3 live.com
direct access google has provided and type
the name of jesus
We wish them a good trip.
aim your anus now in the palm of your
hand
i said hussein adam